# Project_1 README for Movie Player

# Program Overview

The following python files generate a website to display all of your favorite movie posters.  Click on a poster and your movie’s trailer will play in a separate popup window for your enjoyment.  
Included Files (3)
> 1.	media.py is a class that provides a way to store movie related information, specifically the movie’s title, storyline, poster image, and trailer to be displayed on a website.
> 2.	entertainment_center.py creates an instances of the media class (media.py) that can be displayed on a website.  
> 3.	fresh_tomatoes.py generates a website (HTML file) that displays the movie information generated by the entertainment_center.py instance.

# Installation

Two additional programs are required to run this program which include a python shell and a web browser (preferably Google Chrome). 

The only requirement for installation is that ALL files for this program must be located in the same directory.  These files include:

> 1.	entertainment_center.py
> 2.	media.py
> 3.	fresh_tomatoes.py

No other additional files or programs are required to run the program.

# Usage 

Run the program from the entertainment_center.py file by following these steps:
> 1.	Open the file entertainment_center.py in your python shell. 
> 2.	Select “Run” from the python menu bar.
> 3.	Select “Run Module” from the dropdown menu.
> 4.	Your movie website should appear in your web browser.
> 5.	Select/click the movie poster image with your mouse/pointing device to play the movie’s trailer.

There are no variables to run the program.

# Modifications

Feel free to modify the entertainment_center.py file to input your own favorite movie information.  Please see the comments in the entertainment_center.py file for the arguments required to successfully modify the file to you taste.

# Credits

The fresh_tomatos.py file was graciously provided by, and forked from udacity/ud036_StarterCode (https://github.com/udacity/ud036_StarterCode)
